hello school topper here with stander
Ontario to discuss a little bit about
maintenance on your home there's so many
things that need to be done and just a
little tip for the week this is your
test for the week if you see over here
we have a bathtub faucet here in time
these things get full of lime or
whatever and they get friction because
they're plastic parts inside they get
stiff to pull up go and then they get
stiff to pull down push down so of an
easy fix for you and most of them
underneath I'll show you have it it's
either a Phillips screwdriver or it's an
allen key or a flathead screwdriver
underneath there's just a little weak
key allen key thing underneath there
loosen it up and then that just slides
off on most cases some actually have a
threaded part in here and you just got
to turn them off but in this case it's
just a set screw underneath so then we
could do take some just some household
Pam olive oil from your kitchen it's
non-toxic doesn't matter if it gets in
your bath water because you can eat this
stuff so you do is as you see this thing
is stiff to pull in a note so all you do
take the spray spray it all inside let
it drain a bit and then if you want you
can spray a little bit on this thing see
there and then just work it a few times
and it's already easier easier to use so
that's real easy now
and it's real easy so then what you do
slide them back on push it tight to the
your tub finish and then all you want to
do is just tighten that set screw up
because you don't want the water meeting
back out there make sure she's good hey
see that snug make sure it's straight
because that will drive some people
crazy and then see nice and easy so
that's it yep if for some reason if you
have an old one and you cannot get it
off for some reason just take the stuff
spray it up inside
move it up and down a few times sprayed
on there and it all works but that's
just one one little tip of how to make
it work easier okay so there's your tip
of the week it's Jo Satou from I'm here
to help you out
not just with home maintenance tips but
also here to help you buy homes and sell
homes in Clearview Township for gray
county or all Simcoe County actually so
if you're we're about an hour and a half
north of Toronto so I'd be pleased to
give you help thanks very much I'm so
perfect if you need to get a hold of me
call me at seven oh five seven three
three five eight two one or visit me at
ww-where view listings calm thanks again
I'm terrific day